- If people stop producing babies there will be more old individual who are not from working age hence they cannot pay taxes
- For generation of soldiers

###### Reference 
For example, in Japan there were concerns that the birth rate of 1.33 children would reduce the population of 127 million people to 101 million in 2050 and 64 million by 2100.¹⁶ The Japanese government took action. They launched the ‘Plus One Plan’, aimed at persuading married couples to have one extra child, and established the ‘Anti Low Birthrate Measures Promotion’ headquarters to coordinate the plan. One of the proposals in the plan was a ¥3.1 billion matchmaking budget to be spent on ‘publicly-funded parties, boat cruises, and hiking trips for single men and women’.¹⁷ The government also pledged financial support for couples seeking expensive fertility treatment. The ‘Plus One Plan’ also had provision for diverting resources to provide education loans to put children through school. Singapore developed plans to persuade citizens to produce more children. In addition to propaganda, it introduced financial incentives to have a third child, paid maternity leave, and state-funded childcare centres. And Australia has announced a $13.3 billion ‘family package’ to be distributed over five years. According to that country’s treasurer, if ‘you can have children, it’s a good thing to do’. In addition to having one child for the husband and one for the wife, he urged Australians also to have one for their country.

